this video is sponsored by copy
jones 4 the application that allows you to
transfer the content of your idevice
to your computer
hello if ipod touch to the aporia
today I will show you
the timer application sport option as
never that is less five poison
and even the 6.0 plus timer option it's
what this year of creation that is
paid under cydia store at the price of 49
under and what she allows you to face
and perform an action after a gesture
set price in the old background
activator finally we'll see them his
together all you have to do
it's buying them install confirmed
once settled there will be
not designed springboard of your
device best a section in them
beautiful settings here that will be called
as its name says timer options on
go the teens da pisi activation method
firstly you have to put in mode 2
activision method the one you want
so I say support two on the
status bar
so when I'm going to press twice
its status bar the gesture goes
activate
that's where I'm going to put the timer
option the minutes seconds where the
hours and minutes
so just to explain what is the
purpose of the app knows that it's going
execute a gesture is not unfair but
an action automatically after the
number of minutes predefined here
fakhamatou 10 after a minute and well
I want it to call that person
after a minute I want my idevice
setting etc
it's via the actions you go
configure its end when we start
by delhi minutes and seconds i have
makes a small mistake in minuee scored
minuh be doing that the minutes and the
seconds no but it is not thereafter
in actions
you decide what you want to do to
your idevice do and who take a
screenshot sarah not in a screenshot
we will not hide our doors
then if I explained it to you all time
that's what it's like to 5
tons of applications but the most
settings I double up tapas and that
pope me put your minutes and
second fak me I see start with
five seconds then described belt and
stork lead will count 1 2 3 4 5 and
here is a screenshot
finally you see what's the purpose of
the app to push through an account to
countdown is fine it's going to run the action
you have pre configured then here the
speed like a speed test then the number
of body and well this site
I do not know, it's inspector Sam
say something aloud while
being I do not know you write hawai or
leaked photos in English obviously
but that means to hawaii or but to
loud voice if you have it set here
in the actions with speak text the collar
number here who coughs and there it goes
call a number automatically after
the number of minutes or seconds
finally configure that if you say in
10minutes call such number you leave
your phone the eye in ten thousand is
he really call that number then that
will make the call
finally that I do not know me the usefulness of
all was not next to the phone for
answer the call fex will find a
application it's also in open ap if
the other can always change
actions to say I do not know me I
want to put it in safe mode that the
restart the moths it is in full
the tuque unlock it lock it
the five briffard hours and spring it's
is full of them I say again the
wildfire
then he will disable the connection
the iphone one comes back by the
minute minute second is activated this is
for that the other or ten minutes if you
want it to last an hour but the
possibility that we live behind
we said the wildfire off we close it in
doublets to Monday by putting four
second stock you are there you have you
top left kel away five-o se
disable automatically
and that's the goal of
the application time lapse thing for vote
said weisz the brick is this the effect -
5.0 and even the 6.0 plus then for
the time their application changes europe
total of 2 stars
so why two stars because
personally the application is true
that it's fun on one side to do
an action automatically after a
number of minutes entrusted to the mail of
seconds but there is some uselessness like
call the people washable to the effect
that's what's great leaves pitt
funny but as long as the iphone greenhouses
in a pilot chamber killed ten in a
time when the person came back it's going
talk about them alone and well I can do
the wish of people if you do this
that you are with the application of a fake
that is not bad everything was
I put two stars you chaput and
how many fingers will you put this
application their just in the
comments this teaser on youtube
only and that's it for tara johns
for your pet 5.0 and even knows it
or more so that's it that's it I hope
that you liked the video then you
can subscribe to my youtube channel
by clicking subscribe follow me on
twitter and it's like facebook page
the videos of an excellent thank you very much
goodbye